Update the release doc with Sprint 235 updates (#6798)
redhat-developer/odo: docs/website/blog/2023-05-04-odo-v3.10.0.md

To install `odo`, follow [the installation guide](../docs/overview/installation).

## Notable Changes

> Check this Playlist for an overview of the most notable changes in this release: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the following Playlists for an overview of the most notable changes in this release: 
```
